Docs - Some fixes in blog tutorial (#887)
remix-run/remix: docs/tutorials/blog.md

## Creating Blog Posts

> Right now our blog posts (and typo fixes) are tied to deploys. While that works and is a simple way to get started, ultimately we'd like to allow users to create and update posts from within the app itself. The idea here is that your posts would be backed by a database, so we need a way to create a new blog post. We're going to be using actions for that.

Author: The word "gross" felt a bit too strong here. I agree that it might not be the most user friendly way to require deploys for updates. However, I'd say it is generally a simple and easy way to publish new content.

If you're okay to optimise for markdown- and git-aware users.

> Right now our blog posts (and typo fixes) are tied to deploys. While that works and is a simple way to get started, ultimately we'd like to allow users to create and update posts from within the app itself. The idea here is that your posts would be backed by a database, so we need a way to create a new blog post. We're going to be using actions for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now our blog posts (and typo fixes) are tied to deploys. While that works and is a simple way to get started, ultimately it's much better to not have to redeploy the whole app for a simple typo change. The idea here is that your posts would be backed by a database, so we need a way to create a new blog post. We're going to be using actions for that.
```

// ...
```

Each route can export a `links` function that returns array of `<link>` tags, except in object form instead of HTML. So we use `{ rel: "stylesheet", href: adminStyles}` instead of `<link rel="stylesheet" href="..." />`. This allows Remix to merge all of your rendered routes links together and render them in the `<Links/>` element at the top of your document. You can see another example of this in `root.tsx` if you're curious.

Alright, you should have a decent looking page with the posts on the left and a placeholder on the right.

> For now, you need to navigate to [http://localhost:3000/admin](http://localhost:3000/admin) manually as we haven't set up any navigational links yet.

Author: When a reader reaches this part of the tutorial, there was no mention yet about how to see or get to the new `/admin` route so I thought it should be mentioned here to go there manually.

💿 Add a form to the new route

> ```tsx filename=app/routes/admin/new.tsx lines=[1,4-25]

Author: If the whole `return` statement is highlighted it makes it easier for folks to copy/paste content (if they don't type it all themselves) as the previous version of the function only contained this body:

```
return <h2>New Post</h2>;
```

If you love HTML like us, you should be getting pretty excited. If you've been doing a lot of `<form onSubmit>` and `<button onClick>` you're about to have your mind blown by HTML.

> All you really need for a feature like this is a form to get data from the user and a backend action to handle it. And in Remix, that's all you have to do, too.

Author: Not sure if this is me not being a native speaker, but the sentence

> And in Remix, that's all you have to.

is missing a "do", isn't it?

💿 Slow down our action with a fake delay

```tsx filename=app/routes/admin/new.tsx lines=[5-6]
// ...
export const action: ActionFunction = async ({
  request
}) => {
  await new Promise(res => setTimeout(res, 1000));

  const formData = await request.formData();

> 

Author: This new line is part of the previous version of this function, so in order for people to orient themselves in an easier way I thought it should be reflected in this updated version as well.
